- Name?
- You know my name.
You are making a request to the FBI to carry
a concealed weapon. I have to follow protocoI.
- It's ridiculous.
- Fine. We're done. Do you want to get coffee?
My name is Dr Temperance Brennan.
- Reason for wanting a gun.
- To shoot people. It's the truth.
You know, I'm writing, "Self-defence
in the performance of my duties
pursuing suspected felons
as contracted out to the FBI."
- So I can shoot them.
- Ever been charged with a felony?
- Charged or convicted?
- Charged.
- You know I have.
- I have to ask.
- Bureaucratic nonsense.
- Nevertheless, name of the arresting officer?
You.
SpeciaI Agent Seeley Booth.
You need me to spell that?
- I can sound that out.
- So when do I get the gun?
- You can't have a gun.
- Why not?
- You were charged with a felony.
- Write down that you were wrong.
- Oh, there's no space for that.
- Then why'd we go through all this?
You have a constitutionaI right to apply
for a weapon. I would never deny your right.
- I need a gun.
- Rules are rules.
Tell them that I shot a murderer
who was going to light me on fire.
Which is why you weren't convicted,
but you did shoot an unarmed man.
I can't ignore that. I swore an oath to
protect society from people who shoot people.
It was only his leg, and he's in jaiI for
life. How much is he gonna use it anyway?
- You have the right to an appeaI.
- To whom?
Cullen?
- I'm pretty sure he doesn't like me.
- Yeah. I'm pretty sure you're right.
Bones, you don't need a gun. If
anyone needs shooting, I'll do it.
What if you're injured or dead? I'm not hoping
it'll happen, I'm just stating a possibility.
Come on. You know what, Bones? You're a
professor. You're not an FBI agent, OK?
Use your mutant powers.
Just talk people to death.
- Am I interrupting?
- I told them not to let you in.
- I gave them your picture.
- Which is why I wore the tiny skirt.
Very cute.
- Amy Morton.
- Temperance Brennan.
- You work with him?
- I'm a forensic anthropologist.
I'm a defence lawyer.
I work against him.
If it's all the same, I'd
prefer you two didn't bond.
I want to get back. You said I could
fill out gun reapplication forms.
Send it back by courier. No hurry.
Nice to meet you.
- What do you want?
- Remember Howard Epps?
- Not likely to forget him.
- He's scheduled to be executed tomorrow.
- My job is to keep that from happening.
- Best of luck.
He deserves five minutes of consideration
from the man who put him on death row.
I arrested Howard Epps. It was
the jury who sentenced him to die.
They found a pubic hair on the victim at the
scene. They never figured out whose it was.
Blame the judge who disallowed it as
evidence and the judge on the appeaI.
- Epps was not well-represented. -
How long have you been on the case?
- Almost a week.
- Less than a week, huh?
Two judges, two juries, two prosecutors that
find Epps guilty, but it's me you come after.
I'm asking, are you absolutely
positive Howard Epps killed that girI?
Yeah. I am absolutely positive.
The judges should've allowed the juries to
hear that that victim was with another man.
- He still would've been convicted.
- Not if I'd been there.
- You weren't.
- I am now.
When was the last time
you looked him in the face?
Cos you're a lot smarter
than you were seven years ago.
A lot less angry.
You might wanna check
out the evidence again.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'd ask how you were doing, Howard,
but I guess we both know the answer.
Agent Booth.
- Did you come to apologise?
- I'm not the one who beat a girI to death.
Your attorney wants me
to look you in the face.
- Why?
- She thinks you're innocent.
She's right about that.
I didn't kill anybody,
unlike you, the sniper.
The girI who got murdered was smart.
She was pretty. She
was from a good family.
Someone has to die for that,
and I'm all they got.
OK. I looked you in the face.
I read it can be hell.
They say it's like going to sleep,
but you're on fire.
And you're paralysed
so you can't scream.
I mean, that's all you
got sometimes, you know?
The scream.
- What if they get mixed up?
- I can tell them apart. Jeff and Ollie. I win.
- What do you...? What? That one was mine.
- You had Jeff. Ollie won. You owe me a buck.
- You want in on the action, Angela?
- No, thank you. I'm going to go have sex.
- Have a good time.
- OK.
You sure you don't want to
come? Troy can call a friend.
I've been waiting months for these. It's a
partiaI skeleton from France. The Institute...
You know, the whole point of the week is the
weekend. This is not the cabaret, my friend.
Life is the cabaret.
Come to the cabaret.
It's like describing the moon to a mole.
- I demand another beetle. He has a groin pull.
- Arthropods do not possess groins. Pay up.
- Angela, looking good.
- And don't I know it?
OK, our tax dollars hard at work.
What's break time at the
FBI? Book burning? Oh, God!
What are you doing this weekend?
- I have plans.
- I'm serious.
Between your girlfriend the
lawyer and the defence lawyer,
your weekend must be booked.
What is your thing with lawyers?
Look, seven years ago a 17-year-old, ApriI
Wright, was beaten to death in a federaI park.
Amy's trying to stop the guy
who did it being executed.
- We're not pursuing your lawyer obsession?
- Amy doesn't think he did it.
- And what does this have to do with you?
- Oh, if Amy doesn't turn over every stone...
And you're one of her stones?
- Do you think he did it?
- Yes.
- What's her reasoning?
- A pubic hair that wasn't accounted for.
Sounds like ajob for the FBI crime lab.
It's a weekend deaI. Off the
books. But if you have plans...
Wait.
- This is a personaI favour you're asking.
- Not for me, for Amy.
Well, your personaI favour would be for Amy,
but mine would be for you, strictly speaking.
Please do me a favour.
Please?
- Any remains withheld from buriaI?
- Not after the last appeaI.
I'd need X-rays from the ME and the
coroner. Originals. The copies are useless.
- Bone scrapings, lab results, tox screens.
- The evidence will be here in an hour.
I'll ask the others. I won't
order them. They might have plans.
It's Friday night and
they're racing beetles.
How much time do we have?
Howard Epps will be executed
in 30 hours and 23 minutes.
Let's start. Zack,
pull up the first X-ray.
- Stress fractures on both tibias.
- What's that mean?
- An old injury from dance or running.
- She was a cheerleader.
The Chinese executed people by cutting flesh
off them. Called it the death of 1,000 cuts.
- Fractured trapezium, scaphoid and radius.
- What's that mean?
When she was being beaten, she
threw her arm up to defend herself.
That's consistent with
the autopsy report.
In medievaI Scotland, they'd tie a
convict's arms and legs to bent saplings.
When they released the saplings, the trees
sprang apart and the felon was torn in half.
- Should I grab particulates?
- That's clean.
It's a phone number we found on the girI for
an old woman with no connection to anyone.
Extensive damage to the skull,
smashed six to eight times
with a narrow cylindricaI object.
- The tyre iron was missing from ApriI's car.
- She'd had sex shortly before death.
- ConsensuaI. No assault.
- The hair was never matched to anyone?
No. The prosecution got it excluded
from evidence in triaI and on appeaI.
That's the basis of your lawyer's
last-ditch attempt to stop the execution?
Yeah. And whatever
else you guys can find.
There are particles lodged between
the left triquetraI and the capitate.
The ME found they were bone
fragments dislodged by the tyre iron.
- No. These shadows are too opaque for bone.
- What's that mean?
The prosecution's theory does
not include matter in the bone.
- Let's see if they're bone or something else.
- Like what?
Let's pretend we're objective
scientists and not indulge in conjecture.
Zack, get a driver to take
you over to Greenbelt Park.
I want you to take pictures of where the
body was found. Ground covering, paved areas.
- Why does he need a driver?
- I can't drive.
- You're a genius who can't drive?
- If you knew what I do, you wouldn't either.
Take the file. Get photos of the area
to contextualise the materials we found.
Yeah.
Yes. I'll be right there.
That was ApriI Wright's father.
- A victim's dad called you?
- Wife's a wreck.
- They heard Amy's angling for a reprieve.
- Why did he call you?
Because Booth was the agent
that arrested Howard Epps.
I'm pretty sure that
evidence is not in the file.
Earlier you said, "It's
a phone number we found. "
Wait. We're trying to save
someone you arrested for murder?
All right, I think he did it. I think this scumbag
bashed ApriI Wright to death with a tyre iron.
We've found anomalies in the case. You want
us to stop before they become meaningfuI?
No. Stay on it. I gotta get going.
You guys are pathetic.
It's Friday night.
There's nothing pathetic about pro
bono work on a death-penalty case.
Everybody, this is Troy.
Hey, how you doing?
- Could you just wait here one second?
- Yeah.
Why did you call me in?
Look at this guy. He's cuter
than a monkey with a puppy.
Uh-huh.
I really, really need you to do texture
analysis on seven-year-old X-rays.
But I am on a date. With Troy.
He's a man. Wave.
- What's the big steaming gigantic rush?
- A man is scheduled to die in 26 hours.
I think he'd like the results
of our findings before then.
Good one.
Troy. Sweetie.
I've got a few things to do around here. Do
you mind just hanging out for a little while?
Sure. No problem.
Let me call the restaurant and tell them
we'll be late. What do you think? Half an hour?
- You better make it an hour, minimum.
- OK.
- Hodgins.
- Recondite codes have a complex cipher.
That's a fun factoid, Zack. Thank you.
12402510221. That's the number
they found on the victim.
You've got a photographic
memory, I'm good with ladies.
It's not a phone number.
Hey.
So, what exactly do they do here?
I thought Angela was an artist.
She is. We do mostly forensic identification
and reconstruction of discorporated remains.
My specialty's entomology
and particulates.
Ever seen maggots? I just got these in.
Do not talk to him.
Wait in the lounge, baby. It's
up those stairs right over there.
- Don't talk to anybody.
- OK.
- What'd you find?
- A shard of bone. How'd they miss that?
They're not as good as we are.
40-times magnification.
Well, that's not bone. It's inorganic.
MineraI. Possibly quartz.
I was taking pictures. There was a sign
and numbers. Why assume a quasi-random...
Zack, when you talk that fast,
human beings can't hear you.
The number they found
on the girI, 12402510221.
Everyone assumed it was a
phone number, but what if,
instead of spacing the numbers like a
phone number, you space 'em like this?
I was in the park taking pictures, and
I saw the parking space was numbered.
To get to picnic area 10,
you go through gate 25.
- Seems more than a coincidence.
- 1240- what do those represent?
The time, 12:40, when she was
gonna meet whoever she was meeting.
It fits with the timeline.
- He's weird, but he's smart.
- ApriI Wright was setting up a date.
Probably with the guy who
left the pubic hair on her.
- Good job, Zack.
- I got something.
It's not quite so idiot savant,
but it's aggregate graveI.
What if the rest of the shadows
on the X-rays were also graveI?
There was no graveI where her
body was found. It was all grass.
Then she was killed someplace else.
We have to exhume our victim's body.
It's stressfuI waiting for this to be
over, and now Epps is trying for a reprieve.
I heard.
He got a lawyer from the Innocence Project.
They don't consider the family of the victims.
You remember our lawyer, David
Ross. Agent Booth caught Epps.
- Is this ever gonna be over?
- I understand how difficult this is.
- Epps killed my daughter. You believe that?
- Yes, ma'am. I haven't changed my mind.
- He deserves to die for what he did.
- The jury and the judge thought so.
- All these appeals...
- It's part of the process.
Each effort to stop his
execution is desperate.
This one won't work either. It's the third
time. It'll be the third time they faiI.
It's the last picture we have of ApriI.
She wanted to be a lawyer.
David was her role modeI. He gave
her ajob at his firm on weekends.
- She was a good worker.
- Mm. She was a beautifuI girI.
Excuse me.
- It's OK.
- Booth.
- I'm with Amy.
- I don't like the sound of that.
- We're gonna try to get an exhumation order.
- What? Why?
ApriI may not have been killed where
they found her body. You want details?
- It's not a good time.
- We need to look at her remains.
- Zach decoded the phone number.
- What?
It's not a phone number. ApriI met
someone the night she was murdered.
- So she met someone. What does that prove?
- Is this about ApriI?
- Let me get back to you.
- What's happening now?
- Apparently new evidence has surfaced.
- What kind of evidence?
Give me a few minutes with Agent Booth.
Let me evaluate these developments.
Let's get some coffee.
Yeah.
So this new evidence, is this
something they can bear to hear?
It concerns the person ApriI had
sex with the night she was murdered.
- The judge ruled that irrelevant.
- It's always hung there.
It's always the basis of the appeaI. If we could
ID the guy, this whole issue would disappear.
It was sex in a car. It was
probably another teenager.
- A kid scared to come forward.
- Nobody said anything about sex in the car.
It was a parking lot. I assume the
sex act took place inside a car.
When ApriI worked for your firm
on weekends, did she do the filing?
- That's right.
- Who was in the office?
- Why do you ask? -
Well, a 17-year-old girI.
I'm sure you just wouldn't leave
her in there all by herself.
What? You can't remember? I'm sure the
security logs'll be able to tell us something.
Refresh my memory, Mr Ross. Where were
you the night that ApriI was killed?
Say around 12:30?
Now's the time that I ask
for my lawyer and say nothing.
- So, are you seeing each other?
- Who?
- You and Booth.
- No. No, we're working together.
Cos I'm picking up a bit of a sex vibe.
No. That's tension.
He has a girlfriend.
- Tall, blonde, beautifuI?
- A lawyer.
Figures.
- Should've jumped him. I had the chance.
- You're interested in Booth?
- You aren't?
- No.
- Well, then why are you helping him?
- Because he asked me. He said please.
Come on. You think he's hot.
No. Not at all. This is
a very interesting case.
Booth did say you had some
kind of mania for the truth.
Mania? As in maniac?
I'm not sure he meant it as a bad thing.
Which obviously is how you're taking it.
Do you want to start or shall I?
- I'm sorry, sir.
- I'll start.
I'm thinking of suspending you
for freelancing on a death-penalty
case we cleared seven years ago.
My intention was just to
tie up a few loose ends.
- Do you disapprove of the death penalty?
- No, sir. I have no problem with it.
Because I hear that you're working
for an attractive, young, idealist...
Not true, sir. I mean, yes,
she's young and she's an idealist,
but I'm not working for her. No.
Like I said, there was a loose end,
and I arrested Howard Epps. I provided the
evidence which led to the death sentence.
- That's yourjob.
- I must be sure. This guy was her godfather.
I believe he had sex with a 17-year-old
girI the night she was murdered.
A fact that the jury
never heard, by the way.
He's married. He's partners in a law
firm. The guy's got everything to lose.
If you want to question him, fine.
Is that the end of your
involvement, Agent Booth?
Not exactly. They're moving to
exhume the victim's body, sir.
On whose recommendation?
The young idealist lawyer,
and Dr Brennan.
Got the squints involved.
Well, if she shoots anybody this
time, I sure the hell hope it's you.
These are not the robes I wear to work.
- Sir, if you could tie your dressing gown?
- It's one in the morning. DeaI with it.
So, you found a piece of
bone the size of a toothpick.
Yes. A shard from her left
triquetraI with graveI embedded in it.
Describe the implications.
The jury was told that these shadows here
were bits of bone shattered during the attack.
Through digitaI techniques, Dr Brennan's
team found that the density of the fragments
is not the same as the surrounding bone.
- What are they?
- The only way I can tell is by looking at them.
- You want to exhume ApriI Wright?
- Yes, please.
- Because of shadows on an X-ray?
- I don't see another alternative.
Dr Brennan, if those shadows turned out to
be pieces of bone, I'd be extremely angry.
- Thanks, Judge Cohen.
- For making a veiled threat?
I thought you were threatening me because
you'd decided to sign the exhumation order.
I did not kill April Wright. There...
there are good people out there.
Y ou know, people who believe me.
People who know I did not kill
that girl cos they saw the evidence.
I honestly think he's
innocent. Don't you?
I don't like to form any conclusions
before all the evidence is in.
- Watch your step.
- ApriI Wright's body just arrived.
You might be more
comfortable staying here.
- I-I can't.
- Oh, God!
- Don't look, sweetie.
- You're not an artist. You're a freak.
You people are all freaks.
This job is so hard to describe online.
The left triquetraI.
- It's a match. For the record, do you concur?
- I concur.
- We've got foreign materiaI in the bone.
- It's the same stuff in the shard.
Which is consistent with
being dragged through graveI.
I searched the house of the guy ApriI
had sex with the night she was murdered.
- What did you find?
- Underwear.
Can you run a comparison on the hair?
- Is that ApriI Wright?
- She wasn't killed where she was found.
Then where was she murdered?
We've got particles beaten into
the skull. Were these ever ID'd?
According to the autopsy report, no.
- It's a visuaI match.
- Will you backstop him on that?
- Where's Amy?
- I'm here. I can't...
It's OK. Things can get pretty,
you know, disgusting around here.
I concur with Zack. We have a
visuaI match on the pubic hair.
Is a visuaI match enough
to stop the execution?
- We need DNA to be sure.
- Amy's right.
This evidence isn't enough
to stop the execution.
And you've got nothing
else? Nothing at all?
I don't know what else we can do.
If you tell the judge you've changed your
mind, that Howard Epps is not guilty...
- Have you changed your mind?
- No.
I have doubts that the guy
should be executed, but...
Let's go see the judge.
At my age, a man needs
a good night's sleep.
Lack of sleep clouds judgment.
If you stay the execution, I
promise, you'll sleep like a baby.
What does the prosecution think?
This is a waste of the state's time.
Miss Morton is recycling evidence,
presenting it differently in a last-ditch
attempt to stop Epps being executed.
- She's an ideologue.
- That's true.
But it doesn't mean I'm not
right. This case doesn't add up.
You, brilliant scientist lady,
talk to me about this bone shard.
It indicates the body was dragged to
where it was discovered. Plus the graveI...
Common graveI. I'm not
convinced. What about the hair?
A visuaI match. That narrows
the statisticaI probability to...
- DNA?
- Ten days. We'll have it in ten days.
What about this man that the FBI's
taken into custody? David Ross.
- Has he confessed to sleeping with her?
- No.
Even if David Ross slept with the
girI, it doesn't prove he killed her.
Let's stick with new facts.
At least give us time to find his
car. There could be evidence...
I can't stop an execution
because there "could be" evidence.
Judge Cohen, I have the
arresting officer right here.
The primary investigator.
Agent Booth, have you suddenly
decided that Howard Epps is not guilty?
- No.
- Booth!
- There are doubts and there shouldn't be any.
- He doesn't have doubts. He has cold feet.
Think I won't pop you one cos
we're in the judge's kitchen?
You see? You lose sleep, you get cranky.
Judgment suffers. It's not enough.
- You can't dismiss this so easily.
- Easily?
I allowed you to exhume that girI's
remains. Do you think I did that easily?
We all feeI the weight of a capitaI
case, Miss Morton, but the law is clear.
Unless there is proof of
grievous incompetence by counseI
or a deniaI of legitimate and
definitive factuaI certainties,
my hands are tied.
- I'll go out to the prison and tell Epps.
- I'll take another look at the skull.
- Bones...
- The particulates haven't been analysed.
This is so barbaric! When are they gonna
put a stop to the damn death penalty?
- I believe in the death penalty.
- What?
Certain people shouldn't
be in this world.
The people who hacked hundreds of
innocent children to death in Rwanda,
beheaded them at their desks at schooI,
the people who did that,
they should be executed.
- So why do you care about Epps?
- Because the facts have to add up.
Drop me at the lab, please.
Last meaI.
I can't decide.
- What's the last taste that I want?
- Howard, I am so sorry.
Dr Brennan is still
working on a few ideas.
You see the truth. You
know I'm innocent, right?
I know there's a chance
you're not guilty.
Well, that's good enough for me.
A chance, I said. All right? A chance.
- These are slivers of metaI.
- Probably from the tyre iron.
- Is that blood?
- Silt. I'm breaking it down.
- It contains traces of two chemicals.
- Anthracene and fluoranthene.
I've scanned in all the
X-rays and built a 3-D module.
Troy would've liked that. Bastard.
I found some more materiaI in the
fractures along the sagittaI suture.
It's pollen.
The pollen is from Spartina alterniflora,
more commonly known as smooth cord grass.
Sorry, what does pollen
tell us about ApriI's murder?
Angela?
The murder weapon collected
pollen from the surrounding flora.
When she was struck, pollen from the murder
weapon was deposited in ApriI's skull.
Spartina alterniflora is only
found along Chesapeake Bay.
The pollen and silt both
showed traces of chemicals.
- What does that mean?
- ApriI died in a marsh near a chemicaI plant.
Amy Morton.
Thanks.
- They've moved Epps to the imminent room.
- What's that?
It's where he has his last meaI
and says goodbye to his family.
We need the location of that marsh.
The hair proves you had sex with ApriI.
You're gonna be charged with statutory rape.
But not by you. Statutory
rape is not a federaI crime,
so I'm left to assume you're here to
get my client to confess to murder.
- It adds up. It tracks.
- I didn't kill ApriI.
You met ApriI in the park, but she
was killed near a chemicaI plant?
- I don't know.
- You had sex. She threatened to tell.
You couldn't let that happen.
You'd lose your business.
- No.
- Do not engage with him, David.
- You had motive, opportunity.
- I didn't kill her.
- Why aren't you helping?
- What?
By not admitting that you were there
that night, you're clouding the issue.
So what? Epps will still
be in jaiI for life.
We are not discussing that night.
You are the only person who
can tell us what happened.
- Do you care about what happened to her?
- I went there that night to talk, OK? That's all.
- This interview is over.
- Just to talk. I'm not proud of what happened.
I can tell you exactly why it happened, but I'm
not proud of it. I shouldn't have got pulled in.
I didn't know it was her first time
and she'd get so upset. She ran off.
- Are you telling me you left her in that park?
- No! I looked for her for two hours.
I figured she called
somebody to get her.
Was her car still there when you left?
- Yes, it was.
- What time was that?
- After 2am.
- Did you see anyone?
Yeah, there was some traffic, all
teenagers. After 1am, there was nothing.
Look, maybe it is my
fault that he got to her.
You know, maybe I should
go to jaiI for that.
He admits to having sex with her?
- Yes, sir.
- Did he kill her?
Well, he's either telling the truth
or he's setting up his defence.
So ApriI Wright met David
Ross for a sexuaI liaison.
He took her to a
second, unknown location,
beat her to death, and deposited
the body back at the park.
- That's sketchy.
- Which is why we have to find the weapon.
Find a tyre iron in a marsh after
seven years? That's a long shot.
That's why we need
metaI detectors and GPR.
And a dozen or so agents, sir.
And if you find this tyre iron, you can
positively identify it as the murder weapon?
It's possible we can match the
traces we found in ApriI's skull.
Possible? No.
Epps' lawyer should present this
argument to the judge and let him decide.
Sir, without the murder weapon,
he will not stay the execution.
Way out on a limb here, Booth.
He's just trying to find the truth.
Why should he be penalised for...?
- Take the equipment and the men.
- Thank you.
- She can't have a gun.
- No gun. Absolutely not. No. Thank you, sir.
We have GPR, and more agents
will meet us out there.
We'll have four devices so
we'll cover a lot of ground.
I'm plugging in the data to get
the location with the closest match.
Given the chemicals in the soiI, I'd say
we're looking for a spot near Rock Hall plant.
We'll have video when we get to the bay, and
I need pictures of the grass we're looking for.
OK.
There are four areas that
have Spartina alterniflora.
It's a muddy area. Knee-high grass.
OK, go back one screen.
It's just off that service road.
We got it. We got it.
- Let me know what you pull up.
- We've got the tyre iron.
Here. I got something.
It's more than a tyre iron.
- Is that what I think it is?
- I need a shov...
- I need a shoveI. She's digging here.
- Right away, sir.
Ma'am.
Agent Booth?
- Are you gonna help?
- Well, I would but this is a $1200 suit.
Are you kidding me? I haven't slept in 48
hours and you're worried about your suit?
Get over here.
Fine. Can I get a shoveI?
Thanks.
Dig gently, small layers at a time.
- What would you usually be doing?
- What?
- If it were a normaI weekend.
- You want to discuss this now?
Compared to you with
multiple sex partners...
That's none of your business, OK?
I'm not having sex with Amy,
and I have never ever cheated on
any woman that I've ever been with.
Never!
- I just asked what you'd normally be doing.
- I'd be at a movie, dancing.
Being with somebody that I care about.
You?
What the hell's going on here?
Female, approximately
17 to 25 years old,
blunt trauma to the skull.
Also female, same approximate
age, same type of injury.
This doesn't fit with Ross. If he killed ApriI, it was a panic murder
- personaI, not seriaI.
Both these victims have been
dead for at least five years.
- Maybe more than seven?
- Yes.
Epps. It was Epps.
He snatched ApriI after she ran from Ross
and brought her here to his killing grounds.
- Why did he take her back to the park?
- He watched them have sex, saw them argue.
Epps knew suspicions would
fall on Ross and took her back.
And stole her car.
- We got played.
- What? How?
Either way, Epps wins.
We find Ross, the execution is
stopped. We find these bodies...
The execution is stayed untiI
these murders are investigated.
If I don't make this call,
he's gonna be dead in half an hour.
But these women, they
deserve to be heard.
It's what we do, Booth.
- The rest...
- Lawyers.
Lawyers.
Amy, it's Booth.
I think we got you your stay of execution,
but you're not gonna like it much.
Thank you.
- AII I can say is thank you.
- What's that, Howie?
Practising to getjury sympathy?
I did not kill anyone.
Thank you.
I mean it.
We found the tyre iron. You'll
be found guilty of these murders.
Well, I need a good lawyer.
These murder investigations
take a long time.
Then there's the appeals.
And since I should've been
dead a half an hour ago,
it's all gravy from now on.
We gave him everything he wanted.
Who knows if there'll even
be a death penalty then?
I mean, that's your dream, isn't it?
We want the same things from life.
And I owe you too.
I read your book.
When I heard you were working with Booth
here, I knew you were just what I needed.
- You gonna arrest me for assault? -
From what I saw, purely self-defence.
- Maybe I shouldn't carry a gun after all.
- Hell, you can have mine.
- What's the matter with you two?
- Bad day at work.
Well, that's what you get
for working on weekends.
You ever hear about taking some
time off, having a little fun?
Why? What did you do?
I'd be breaking about six laws if I just told
you how I manoeuvred on my Saturday nights.
- But I will bring you some food.
- I'm not hungry.
No use arguing with Sid, Bones.
Are you in trouble with your boss?
I'm sorry for wrecking
your weekend for nothing.
No, not for nothing.
You know what I mean.
You know, all that running around,
it didn't change anything.
Epps was guilty. He was always guilty.
There was doubt.
We had an obligation
to respect that doubt.
We all share in the death
of every human being.
- Very poetic.
- No. Very literaI.
We all share DNA.
When I look at a bone, it's not some
artefact that I can separate from myself,
it's a part of a person who
got here the same way I did.
It should never be easy
to take someone's life.
I don't care who it is.
What?
You've been practising your NobeI-prize
speech just a little too much.
Scallops in Szechwan garlic
sauce, duck fried rice.
- Here you go.
- Apple pie, hot cup ofjoe.
To simple pleasures, my friends.
Simple pleasures.
Visiontext Subtitles: Jo Clarke
What's that mean?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org